Add Fleet and Agent 7.15.1 relnotes (#1158)
elastic/observability-docs: docs/en/ingest-management/release-notes/release-notes-7.15.asciidoc

This section summarizes the changes in each release.

* <<release-notes-7.15.1>>

* <<release-notes-7.15.0>>

Also see:

* {kibana-ref}/release-notes.html[{kib} release notes]
* {beats-ref}/release-notes.html[{beats} release notes]

// begin 7.15.1 relnotes

[[release-notes-7.15.1]]
== {fleet} and {agent} 7.15.1

Review important information about the {fleet} and {agent} 7.15.1 releases.

> //[discrete]
> //[[known-issues-7.15.1]]
> //=== Known issues
> 
> //[[known-issue-issue#]]
> //.Short description
> //[%collapsible]
> //====
> 
> //*Details* 
> 
> //<Describe known issue.>
> 
> //*Impact* +
> 
> //<Describe impact or workaround.>
> 

Author: ```suggestion
```

[discrete]
[[bug-fixes-7.15.1]]
=== Bug fixes

{fleet}::
* Fixes policy upgrades for packages with multiple policy templates
{kib-pull}114011[#114011]

> * Fixes Step 1 in policy editor not loading when agent policy already contains a
> limited integration {kib-pull}113883[#113883]

Author: ```suggestion
* Fixes Step 1 in policy editor not loading when agent policy already contains an
integration that can only be added once (such as Endpoint Security) {kib-pull}113883[#113883]
```
